A. Basic SELECT (1–20)

Select all records from the Employee table.

Display first_name and last_name of all employees.

Show all employees who are female.

Get the birth_date of employee with emp_id = 103.

Display all branch names.

Show all employees in branch_id = 2.

Retrieve all suppliers and their supply types.

List all client names.

Show the salary of all employees in ascending order.

Get details of employee "Michael Scott".

Show the branch where "Jim Halpert" works.

Display all employees with salary greater than 100,000.

Show all clients handled by branch 3.

Display names of employees born after 1970.

Retrieve all suppliers that provide paper.

Find all male employees.

Show the total number of employees in each branch.

Get details of the employee with the highest salary.

Retrieve all employees who don’t have a supervisor (super_id IS NULL).

List all unique supply types.

B. Filtering & Conditions (21–40)

Show employees with salary between 60,000 and 100,000.

Get employees whose last name starts with "H".

Find employees born before 1965.

List employees who earn less than 80,000.

Display clients whose name contains "FedEx".

Show employees whose first name ends with "n".

Find all suppliers whose name contains "Uni".

Show employees with super_id = 102.

Display employees working in branch_id = 1 or 2.

List all employees not in branch 3.

Show employees with salary not equal to 71,000.

Find employees born in September.

Display clients whose client_id is greater than 402.

Show employees with salary divisible by 5,000.

Display employees whose last_name is "Hudson".

Find clients whose name length is greater than 10 characters.

Show all employees whose salary is greater than their supervisor’s salary.

List employees with salary equal to branch manager’s salary.

Display employees with birth_date in the 1960s.

Show clients with branch_id not equal to 2.

C. Aggregate Queries (41–60)

Count total number of employees.

Find the average salary of employees.

Get the maximum salary.

Get the minimum salary.

Find the total salary expense for branch_id = 3.

Count how many female employees exist.

Find the average salary of male employees.

Count total number of clients in each branch.

Get the highest total_sales value.

Calculate the sum of all sales.

Find the average total_sales per employee.

Count how many suppliers each branch has.

Find the supplier count for branch_id = 2.

Get the number of employees supervised by emp_id = 100.

Find total sales handled by employee 105.

Show total sales for each client.

Show the branch with the maximum number of clients.

Find the employee with the highest total sales.

Show the average salary of employees in each branch.

Count the number of supervisors (employees who are referenced in super_id).

D. Joins (61–80)

Display employee names with their branch name.

Show branch manager names with branch_name.

List client names along with their branch_name.

Show employees and the clients they worked with (Works_With).

Display employee names with their supervisor names.

Show employee names with total sales they generated.

Show all clients with the employees who worked with them.

List all suppliers with their corresponding branch names.

Show employees who belong to Stamford branch.

Display the names of employees who manage a branch.

Find employees working for the same branch as "David Wallace".

Show client names and their assigned branch manager.

List employees who work in branches supplied by "Hammer Mill".

Display employees along with their branch’s supplier names.

Show employees who sold to "FedEx".

Display total sales grouped by branch_name.

Show all supervisors along with their subordinates.

Display each branch manager and their start date.

Show client names along with all employees who made sales to them.

Display suppliers that provide supplies to branches handling "FedEx".

E. Advanced Queries (81–100)

Find employees earning more than the average salary.

Show employees who earn above their branch average.

Find employees older than their supervisor.

Display branch managers who manage employees older than themselves.

Show clients who have been worked with by more than 2 employees.

Find branches with more than 2 employees.

Display employees who made sales greater than 100,000.

Find clients who have sales totaling above 150,000.

Show employees who worked with at least 2 different clients.

List supervisors who manage more than 1 employee.

Find suppliers providing more than one supply type.

Display branches with no suppliers.

Show employees who don’t supervise anyone.

Display employees who don’t work with any client.

Find clients not handled by branch_id = 2.

Show employees who share the same salary.

Find the youngest employee.

Show employees who were born in the same year.

Find the branch with the earliest manager start date.

Show all employees whose salary is higher than the maximum salary in branch 2.